README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# ENUMERABLES

We created a our own enumerables methods in Ruby.
- my_each
- my_each_with_index
- my_select
- my_all?
- my_any?
- my_none?
- my_count
- my_map
- my_inject


## Built With

- Ruby



## Getting Started

**This project was created for the sole purpose of understanding the concept of enumerable methods and creating methods in ruby.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
Computer running Mac OS, Windows, or Linux Ubuntu.
Internet browser: Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera...

### Setup
Download the code or copy the git repository to your computer.

### Usage
To run our project type 'ruby enumerable_methods.rb' in your terminal where your file is stored.


## Authors

👤 **Mir Rawshan Ali**

- GitHub: [@sumon0002009](https://github.com/sumon0002001)
- Twitter: [@sumon0002009](https://twitter.com/Sumon0002009)
- LinkedIn: [Mir Rawshan Ali](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mir-rawshan-ali-27b6a5198/)

👤 **KenderB**

- GitHub: [@kenderb](https://github.com/kenderb)
- Twitter: [@KBTarts](https://twitter.com/KBTarts)
- LinkedIn: [Kender Bolivar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kender-bolivar-1736086b//)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!



## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Add tests and Author to the README file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# ENUMERABLES

We created a our own enumerables methods in Ruby.
- my_each
- my_each_with_index
- my_select
- my_all?
- my_any?
- my_none?
- my_count
- my_map
- my_inject


## Built With

- Ruby



## Getting Started

**This project was created for the sole purpose of understanding the concept of enumerable methods and creating methods in ruby.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
Computer running Mac OS, Windows, or Linux Ubuntu.
Internet browser: Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera...

### Setup
Download the code or copy the git repository to your computer.

### Usage
To run our project type 'ruby enumerable_methods.rb' in your terminal where your file is stored.

## Running Tests
   
   - Open the console
   - Navigate to the Tic-Tac-Toe project
   - Run gem install rspec
   - Run rspec
   - The spec file is in the spec folder

## Authors

👤 **Mir Rawshan Ali**

- GitHub: [@sumon0002009](https://github.com/sumon0002001)
- Twitter: [@sumon0002009](https://twitter.com/Sumon0002009)
- LinkedIn: [Mir Rawshan Ali](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mir-rawshan-ali-27b6a5198/)

👤 **KenderB**

- GitHub: [@kenderb](https://github.com/kenderb)
- Twitter: [@KBTarts](https://twitter.com/KBTarts)
- LinkedIn: [Kender Bolivar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kender-bolivar-1736086b//)

👤 **Will Nyamunokora**

- Github: [@bigwizzo](https://github.com/bigwizzo)
- Twitter: [@willnyamunokora](https://twitter.com/willnyamunokora)
- Linkedin: [linkedin Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/willnyamunokora/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!



## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
